Now that we've taken a look at a node port service, we're going to start to take a look at cluster
IP as well.
Remember that the goal of a cluster IP service is to expose a pod to other pods inside the cluster.
To better explore a cluster IP.
I want to give you a quick reminder on how parts of our application are working right now, but present
we've got that post project.
Any time someone tries to create a post, we are sending a request over to the event bus and the event
bus hopefully is going to emit that event or kind of broadcast that event to everything else inside
of our app, including back over to posts.
So let's try to create a new pod that is going to run event bus or then going to set up some services
to allow posts and event bus to communicate with each other.
Let me show you a diagram to help you understand what we're really going to do here.
All right, so we have one node.
We currently have a pod running our post stuff.
And pretty soon we're going to set up a second pod to run all the event bus code.
These two pots are going to have to somehow communicate with each other.
Now, unfortunately, these pods cannot just reach out directly back and forth to each other, like,
so they technically can.
But there are a variety of reasons that we don't do.
So we never really know ahead of time what IP address a pod is going to be assigned.
And so we can't really just reach out to say local host whatever they 4000 likes.
So because this pod will not be accessible at local host, instead it gets assigned more or less a random
IP address inside of our Kubernetes cluster.
And this event bus will not know ahead of time what that IP address is.
So that's why we have to communicate between these pods through these cluster IP services.
The post pod is going to want to reach out and send a message over to the event bus.
And we've discussed that many times before.
But as I just said, we can't reach out directly.
So instead we're going to create a cluster IP service that's going to govern access to the event bus
pod.
Whenever posts wants to emit an event, it's going to make a request over to that cluster IP service.
In turn, the event bus is going to want to send an event back over to posts.
It technically wants to send an event to many other pods or many other programs inside of our application,
but we're not going to worry about creating anything to run, say the comments pod or anything like
that just yet.
We're just going to set up post an event bus.
So Event Bus is going to want to send a message back over to the post pod.
But as I just mentioned, we can't reach out directly, or at least not very easily.
So instead we're going to have the event bus pod reach out to the cluster IP service that is governing
access to the post pod like so.
And I know these lines are now kind of overlapped, but that's oh.
Look somewhere bad.
There we go.
That's kind of what it is actually looking like in reality.
So essentially what we have to do is create another deployment that's going to create this event bus
pod.
We're then going to create one cluster IP service for posts and one cluster IP service for event bus.
So with all that in mind, let's take a pause right here and start making this stuff in just a moment.